Bugfix: remove custom fallback (#24838)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/perfect-bikes-invite.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab': patch
---

> Fixed bug in the GitLab discovery where the fallback branch was taking precedence over the GitLab default branch. Relates to issue #24825.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug in `GitlabDiscoveryEntityProvider` where the fallback branch was taking precedence over the GitLab default branch.
```
